---
layout: post
title: A short biography
description: Lorem ipsum dolor est
image: assets/images/pic11.jpg
nav-menu: true
---

Hi! I was born and raised in Abilene, TX. Here I learned all about the wonders of country living, good food, and football. Additionally, I have always been an enthusiast of anything science and mathematics, specifically medicine. Through my younger years I found a love for both football, golf, and accounting. In high school I was the state champion of the 3A UIL accounting competition and apart of a state championship 3A-D1 football team. While high school is not forever, I will always look back fondly on my time growing up. It was here I learned the value of companionship and a good work ethic.

I then began studying at Texas Tech University pursuing a degree in mathematics. Even with my love for mathematics, an affinity to chemistry and biology, coupled with a passion to help others quickly lead me to a plan to become a doctor. In the world of information, mathematics and medicine are a dynamic duo. Seemingly incomprehensibly complex systems can be described using the language of mathematics and power of computation. In 2022, I started working under Dr. Travis B. Thompson in the department of Mathematics and Statistics at TTU. I began working on understanding the connectome as a graph. My work involved utilizing applied and computational mathematical techniques to understand the brain, complex biological processes, and neuropathologies such as Alzheimer's Disease. 

While at TTU, I was awarded the pleasure to be apart of a variety of wonderful organizations. I served as the Treasurer, Vice President, and President of Double T Health Service Corps. Double T is a Pre-Health student organization designed to help students for graduate school by providing test prep resources, guest speakers from various fields of health, and volunteering opportunities. I was particularly involved with developing our connection with students at the TTU Health Sciences Center and providing more research/volunteering resources for students. For example, I have volunteered with the First Cumberland Presbyterian Pumpkin Patch for four years. The pumpkin patch is held by some great people that donate a majority of the earnings to the church and the Navajo Nation. The impact of our service is extremely gratifying and I am always touched by the great people I get to be around every year. My other affiliations include my time as a TrUE, CISER, and Mortar Board scholar. Through each of these organizations I was given the opportunity to both connect with like minded people and meet some of the most impressive individuals I know. Science is often a very lonely world and knowing ther are others that love this wacky life is extremely comforting. 

Currently, I am trying to enjoy the wonderful life we have all benn given. Most of my time is spent in the lab, at my computer, practicing my archery, working out, playing golf, or listening to jazz. In the coming years I will be finishing my Master's degree in mathematics while applying to MD/PhD programs for the Fall of 2026. Here is to many more years of learning, innovation, and new adventures!
